Add code callout, referring to steps (#2849)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/quickstart-elastic-cloud-otel-endpoint.md

```yaml
exporters:
  otlp:
    endpoint: https://<motlp-endpoint> <1>
    headers:
      Authorization: ApiKey <your-api-key> <2>
```

> 1. See [Step 2](#locate-your-motlp)
> 2. See [Step 3](#create-an-api-key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The endpoint retrieved at [step 2](#locate-your-motlp)
2. The API key created at [step 3](#create-an-api-key)
```
We should avoid "see"/"view" in our language.

Same comment for other occurrences in this PR

Author: https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/2849/commits/13d4b5b24dad678be347f5a179ffebef2666baef

Set the API key as an environment variable or directly in the configuration as shown in the example.
:::

:::{tab-item} OpenTelemetry SDK example
To send data to the {{motlp}} from {{edot}} SDKs or contrib SDKs, set the following variables in your application's environment:

```bash
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT="https://<motlp-endpoint>" <1>
export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_HEADERS="Authorization=ApiKey <your-api-key>" <2>
```

> 1. See [Step 2](#locate-your-motlp)
> 2. See [Step 3](#create-an-api-key)

Author: ```suggestion
1. The endpoint retrieved at [step 2](#locate-your-motlp)
2. The API key created at [step 3](#create-an-api-key)
```

> 2. See [Step 3](##create-an-api-key)

Author: ```suggestion
2. See [Step 3](#create-an-api-key)
```

```yaml
exporters:
  otlp:
    endpoint: https://<motlp-endpoint> <1>
    headers:
      Authorization: ${API_KEY} <2>
```

1. See [Step 2](#locate-your-motlp)

> 2. See [Step 3](##create-an-api-key)

Author: ```suggestion
2. See [Step 3](#create-an-api-key)
```
